fix: update default remote provider references to Meshery Cloud (#18913)
meshery/meshery: docs/content/en/guides/tutorials/aws/deploy-aws-ec2-instances-with-meshery.md

#### Deploy EC2 Controller Design

> After configuring your design, the next step is deployment. To learn more about deploying your designs in Meshery, see [Deploying Meshery Designs](https://cloud.meshery.io/academy/learning-paths/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111/mastering-meshery/introduction-to-meshery?chapter=deploying-meshery-designs). To deploy the resources, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring your design, the next step is deployment. To learn more about deploying your designs in Meshery, see [Deploying Meshery Designs](https://cloud.meshery.io/academy/learning-paths/d011fd20-a3f5-4480-883b-dfb34321d168/mastering-meshery/introduction-to-meshery?chapter=deploying-meshery-designs). To deploy the resources, follow these steps:
```
